(Ai)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!
VRAINS...
(Announcer)
Attention.
LINK VRAINS is currently
experiencing
technical difficulties.
This location houses
SOL Technologies emergency
central control switch
which can use
to restart LINK VRAINS
and log everyone out.
And purge Bohman
out of our system.
Impossible, I'm locked
out of my own system.
Or you mean Bohman
locked you out.
(both gasp)
Win this duel, Skye!
Or all of LINK VRAINS
will be gone!
(Blue Maiden)
Don't let anyone say
that Blue Maiden and Aqua
didn't go down
without a fight!
(screams)
No! Skye!
You did not give me
the opportunity to share
the final moments
with my brother Harlin,
but I shall extend you
that courtesy.
Skye?
Skye!
Akira... I'm here.
Skye...
(Bohman)
Blue Maiden...
Aqua...
join with me!
Bohman sucked up
all their data like a sponge!
Does this mean...
we're the only ones
left that can stop Bohman?
Could be.
Hope not.
You and me both.
Whoa!
Looks like we're gettin'
teleported!
Hold on tight!
That's your job!
(Ai)
Aqua... and Blue Maiden...
are gone...
And all I could do
was watch ‘em vanish...
How many more do we gotta lose
before this war's over?
How much longer
till this is fixed?
Wonder what's broke?
Can't they just try
turning it on and off?
Unreal, I still can't
log out!
C'mon SOL Tech,
fix your tech!
It's literally
in your name!
(Zaizen)
Hayami!
It's Skye, she's gone!
We must do whatever it takes
to get her back!
Get her back how, sir?
(grunts)
Just figure it out and do it!
(Ghost Gal)
Zaizen, I hate to be
the bad guy, but Skye's gone.
And there's a whole bunch
of otherpeople
who could use
your help right now.
There are thousands
of duelists who can't log out
of LINK VRAINS,
and the longer
they're trapped in here,
the more time
you're giving Bohman
to do something bad to ‘em.
And isn't that what your sister
sacrificed her own life
to stop from happening?
Yes, you're right, Emma.
Skye would want me
to save them instead of her.
Hayami,
our sole priority is
to evacuate LINK VRAINS.
Any help or resources
you may need, they're all yours.
Understood?
(Hayami)
Loud and clear!
(Lightning)
Well done, my friend.
Where Windy failed
to be victorious,
you succeeded.
However,
since only you
and I are left,
we remain outnumbered
by a significant margin.
But I believe I can tip
the scales in our favor
by executing a plan
targeted...
at Playmaker.
Oh?
(Lightning)
You see, my friend...
Though Playmaker's dueling
may have very few weaknesses,
I cannot say the same for him
outside of the game.
(Ai)
Bohman better not show
his mug around here
'cause if he does,
I'm gonna shred him to shreds
like a head of lettuce!
Or a guitar!
(gasp)
You got an umbrella?
You!
Bohman! Just who I was
waitin' to see!
'Cause I've been itchin'
to shred ya like
the head of a guitar...
and I messed that up,
but let's duel!
(Bohman)
No.
That won't be happening
because I didn't come here
to duel you.
I came here, Playmaker,
to say farewell.
What?
Lightning has chosen
a different opponent for you.
An opponent that you
will not capable of defeating.
Right, we've heard
that broken record before.
(Bohman)
Perhaps.
But this time is different.
Lightning studied what
makes you humans function...
and what makes you break.
And he found the one weakness
that exists in all humans
and that includes you,
Playmaker.
During the most crucial
decisions,
you humans are driven
by emotions
when you should
be driven by logic.
And these feelings cause you
to make the wrong decision.
Well, I beg to differ
with your conclusion.
You can beg all you like.
It changes nothing.
Your next opponent
will exploit your weakness,
so that is why I can conclude
that you will lose.
Make no mistake,
I do understand that you may
find this hard to believe,
but I do wish
this wasn't the case.
I do want you to win,
Playmaker,
even if you cannot.
Because it is I who wants to be
the one to defeat you.
But as you humans say,
I can't always get
what I want.
You were a formidable
opponent, Playmaker.
One worthy of much respect.
So even though you
will no longer exist,
I'll keep you alive...
in my memories forever.
What about me?
You're not gonna keep me alive
in your memories forever
after we lose?
Not saying we're gonna
lose but
now that possibility
is stuck in my head!
So... who do you think
we're gonna face?
Aww man, they still
can't log out.
(Man)
Cal... can you hear me?
I'm scared...
Jin!
(Ai)
You know, Playmaker...
For all that bluster
that Bohman was blabbing,
our super baddy's sure takin'
their sweet time showin' up.
I wish they'd come here already
so we can take ‘em down...
I said come here,
not go there!
(gasps)
(Ai)
Where are we?
If I didn't know any better,
I'd say we're back
in the Den City courtyard.
Except there's
somethin' missing...
(Playmaker)
Kolter!
I was gonna say “squirrels ”"
but close enough.
What took you so long?
C'mon, Playmaker,
you gotta remember
that this is where
you and me first met up.
And where we met up
with you too, Ai.
You could say that this
is where everything started,
so this is the perfect place
for everything to end.
Uh... You okay, Kolter?
'Cause you're kinda
freakin' me out.
You're talkin' like the main
character in a tragedy
two pages from the end.
We're supposed to fight
our toughest opponent here,
so you better skedaddle
before they show up!
Actually, our opponent's
already here.
(Ai)
Huh?
Where?
Right in front of ya.
(Ai chuckles) No...
No!
No?
Oh, no...
Yeah, pal.
Lightning made me an offer
I couldn't refuse,
and I took it.
(Jin)
Cal... can you hear me?
I'm scared...
Jin!
(Lightning)
If you desire
to save your brother,
go to the coordinates
I just sent you.
I'm on my way, Jin!
It's time to link
into the VRAINS!
(Lightning)
Welcome, Kolter.
We finally meet face-to-face.
You.
Now now,
calm your hostilities.
I've invited you here
as a friend, my friend.
I can assure you
that you will like
what I have to say.
I'm not listenin' to a word
‘til you let my brother go!
Ahh, then we're on
the same page
because I've decided
to free Jin
and return him to you.
Hmm.
Wouldn't you like that?
And what's the catch then,
Lightning?
“Catch ” is such a
negative word.
I prefer to call it
a mutual understanding.
You can call it
whatever you want,
but what exactly do you want?
Well Kolter, I want
you to make a choice,
a choice about
what will make you happy.
That sphere contains
your brother's data
every memory, every emotion.
Or as you humans call it,
his soul.
His soul?
(Lightning)
Yes, my friend.
It's everything you need
to restore your brother
to his old self.
This data is yours to keep,
as long as you
do one thing for me.
And what's that?
A minor task.
I want you to duel
and defeat Playmaker.
Playmaker!?
(Lightning)
Yes, Playmaker.
If you do not,
I will have no choice
but to erase Jin's data
permanently.
So I ask you again,
what will make you happy?
To be reunited
with your brother
after so many years,
to free him from the horrors
of the Lost Incident
and bringing his dark chapter
to an end?
Or lose your brother so that
you can continue to support
Playmaker in this
fruitless war,
a war that deep in your heart,
you know you cannot win?
If I win, you really promise
to let my brother go?
You have my word.
(Kolter)
Well Playmaker,
I made my choice,
so here I am.
You're the closest to family
I've ever had
but I do have
another family to save!
(grunts)
We're not really gonna
duel him, are we?
(Kolter)
You will if you wanna stop
Lightning and Bohman.
Because the only way
to get to them
is to get through me!
So get ready to duel!
Whoa.
Huh.
This looks like Den City.
Boss, we logged out
and made it back home!
No, we didn't, if we were
back in the real world,
you wouldn't be a pigeon!
Or would I?
(Frog)
Look down there!
It's Playmaker!
And I don't know who
he's facing,
but I'm getting
super bad vibes from him!
'Cause only the really
bad guys have goatees!
(Frog)
Yeah, and he's mean
muggin' him big time!
He's scaring me,
and I'm all the way up here!
In all my years,
I've seen my share of baddies,
but I've never seen one
who hates Playmaker
as much as this guy.
Get your camera crankin'!
Will do, Boss!
It's Playmaker!
(gasps)
And that's... oh, boy.
They're dueling Kolter!
But why would those two go
and duel each other?
I don't know,
but I can only assume
they have no choice.
Well I don't like this at all
Flame, not one little bit!
If Kolter loses this duel,
are you really going to erase
all of Jin's data?
Of course.
As I told Kolter,
my word is my word, my friend.
I wonder how Playmaker will duel
knowing that defeating
his friend will also
erase Jin.
Because if I was Playmaker,
the logical choice would be
to defeat Kolter without mercy.
But as I have learned
about the humans,
the emotional choice often
supersedes the logical one.
Kolter, there must be
another way to save Jin.
I wish there was bud,
but there isn't!
So let's duel!
And 'cause I've been
watching you duel since Day 1,
I know all your moves
but you don't know mine!
I'll start by summoning
Codebreaker Zero Day!
Then I'll place this facedown
and end my turn.
Now, let's see
what you got, Playmaker!
(Faust)
Unbelievable.
What's Kolter thinking?
You answered your
own question,
he's not.
(Baira)
Don't be so sure.
Kolter sent us
this half-finished program
twenty minutes ago.
It's designed to hack into
Mirror LINK VRAINS.
But why would he send
this program to us?
Because he obviously would like
for us to complete it for him.
(Baira)
Maybe he's buying us time
with this duel.
So let's not waste any
of it and get started.
Well, Playmaker...
Looks like it's our turn.
Yes it is, Ai.
Get ready.
I draw!
I'll start by summoning
Digitronfrom my hand.
And I'll use it
to create my circuit!
I set Digitron in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon...
Link 1 LINK SPIDER!
By activating its ability,
I can summon a Level 4
or lower monster
next to its link.
Come on out, Bitron!
And when I have
a Cyberse on my field...
I'm also allowed to summon
Backup Secretary!
This gives me the two monsters
I need to Link Summon again!
Go!
I Link Summon
Link 2 Protocol Gardna!
But I'm not stopping here!
I'm Link Summoning
for a third time!
I Link Summon
Link 3 Decode Talker!
Uh...
When Kolter said
to show him what you got,
I don't know if he meant
the whole buffet table.
You're really using
Decode Talker against Kolter?
Isn't that kinda...
can't believe I'm saying this,
rude?
I mean, it's the very first
Link Monster
the two of you
worked together to get!
You may have snagged it
from the Data Storm,
but it was Kolter who
found a way to generate it
into a card.
Were you a salamander
in your past life,
'cause this is cold-blooded.
(Flame)
Curious.
If Playmaker had
summoned Decode Talker
in front of Kolter's monster,
its special ability
would've increased
its attack points by 500.
It's not like Playmaker
to make a mistake like that.
I don't think
it was any kind of mistake.
I think Playmaker did it
on purpose because
he doesn't want to
hurt Kolter.
But if Playmaker keeps
playing like that, he can't win.
(Varis)
I don't care if he's
your friend or not,
winning is the only thing
that matters.
Playmaker is clearly
holding back
and not dueling
to the best of his abilities.
Of course he isn't.
While the logical choice
is to crush
his opponent mercilessly,
he emotionally cannot
come to that conclusion.
And if he cannot,
Kolter will defeat him,
and eliminate
our greatest threat.
(Kolter)
What's wrong, Playmaker?
Even a preschooler knows
you just messed up
your move big time!
And believe me,
I don't need a handicap
to take you down!
Now it's my turn!
(grunts)
I summon a second
Codebreaker Zero Day!
Next up, I'm activating
my trap card,
Codebreak Backfire!
Now, check this!
(grunts)
You're not the only one
who can Link Summon, Playmaker!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 Codebreaker Virus
Swordsman!
What? But why?
Why did you summon
your monster
next to my Decode Talker?
By doing so,
you triggered its ability
raising its attack points
by 500.
And why do caregiver
and caretaker
mean the same thing?
It doesn't matter!
I'll tell you why!
Because it lets me activate
my Swordsman's ability!
When I summon it
so that it's co-linked
to another monster,
which by the way, it is,
I can summon another Codebreaker
from my hand or graveyard
next to any Link Monster,
including yours!
So I'm reviving
Codebreaker Zero Day
and summoning it
to your side of the field!
He gave us his monster?
Do we have to send him
a thank you card?
That'd be nice
but it won't be necessary, Ai.
'Cause you see, usually,
Decode Talker gains 500 attack
points for every monster
it's linked to.
But when Zero Day
is linked to it,
it flips everything
upside down,
and your Decode Talker loses
those attack points instead.
So instead of powering up,
it powers down!
This means our monster's
is the weakest one in play!
And when a Codebreaker
is summoned
to your side of the field,
that triggers Codebreak
Backfire's effect,
which deals you
600 points of damage!
(grunts)
Oh, byte!
Aww, man!
That trap may have only dealt
600 points of damage,
but the emotional damage
is incalculable.
C'mon Kolter,
take it easy!
You didn't have to
pound us that hard,
it's not like you're
tenderizing a chicken breast!
Why not?
It's not my fault you're not
taking this seriously.
And trust me when I say
you should
'cause I'll do anything
to save Jin from Lightning.
Uh, hello! Same here!
It's like reading
a book together,
we're on the same page!
But my brother is not gonna
survive the final chapter
unless I do something.
And...
I won't risk anything
happening to Jin.
So Codebreaker Virus
Swordsman,
attack their Decode Talker!
And by doing so,
Codebrak Backfire's
additional
effect activates!
My Codebreaker can't destroy
your monster in battle,
but the good thing is,
you'll still take damage!
(screams)
Codebreaker VIRUS SWORDSMAN
C'mon get up!
You can't duel
if you're lying down!
I know that.
Do ya?
'Cause while you're
having a siesta,
Kolter's having
a fiesta cha-cha-cha-ing
all over your life points!
And I'm still not done
pilin' on the damage!
Due to Codebreaker Virus
Swordsman's special ability,
your Decode Talker loses
500 attack points
for every Codebreaker in play,
and you lose life points
equal to that same amount!
That's another thousand!
Not if I can help it, Kolter.
I activate Decode Talker's
special ability!
By tributing a monster
on my field
that's next to
Decode Talker's link,
I can negate
and destroy your Swordsman.
So not only do I get rid
of your Zero Day...
But I also get rid of your
Codebreaker Virus Swordsman!
And now that those two
Codebreakers are gone,
Decode Talker's attack
points return to normal.
Phew.
Kolter almost buzzed through
our life points,
but now that he doesn't
have any monsters,
we're outta danger.
(Kolter)
You sure about that?
Huh?
My Virus Swordsman
still has another ability!
When it's destroyed due to your
monster's special ability,
I can resummon it
from my graveyard!
What? For real?
And like last time,
I also get to summon
Codebreaker Zero Day
on to your field!
So your Decode Talker's
attack points
drop back down to 1300.
Then my trap Codebreak
Backfire activates again!
Whenever a Codebreaker monster
is summoned
to your side of the field,
you take 600 points
of damage, bud!
(grunts)
Well Playmaker,
you ain't looking so good.
And you're playing even worse.
If you don't step your game up
and step it up soon,
this duel is over!
Playmaker, I know he's your
one and only friend
you've ever ever had
ever ever ever--
Not now.
Yes now! 'Cause if you
don't start fighting back,
he's gonna wipe us out!
I know.
But how do I fight
my friend?